Update ipv6 instructions for 3.x Compose files (#14168)
docker/docker.github.io: compose/compose-file/compose-file-v3.md

[top-level networks section](#network-configuration-reference) must have an
`ipam` block with subnet configurations covering each static address.

> IPv6 addressing can be accessed in a version 3.x Compose file by editing the `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to contain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to use IPv6, you must first ensure that the Docker daemon is configured to support IPv6.  See [Enable IPv6](../../config/daemon/ipv6.md) for detailed instructions. You can then access IPv6 addressing in a version 3.x Compose file by editing the `/etc/docker/daemon.json` to contain:
```
